# Anxiety_Prediction
## Overview
   Feelings of worry, nervousness, or unease about uncertain outcomes are usually associated with an emotion called anxiety. Anxiety is a feeling many people experience throughout their lives in varying degrees of intensity. However, there are individuals with anxiety so severe, it impedes their day-to-day functioning. Those with general anxiety disorder (GAD) experience this worry and unease chronically, and they are unable to control the behaviors that come along with it (Stein et al., 2015). 
The DSM-IV highlights six symptoms of tension/negative affect of which to associate with symptoms of anxiety and to consider when making a diagnosis for GAD: restlessness or feeling on edge, being easily fatigued, difficulty concentrating or the mind going blank, irritability, muscle tension, and sleep disturbance (American Psychological Association, 1994). Three of the six symptoms (only one for children) must occur along with excessive anxiety being present for more days than not for at least 6 months to qualify. 
This iteration of the DSM also indicated these symptoms and worry connected to them must be perceived by the individual to be difficult to control. According to Brown and colleagues (2008), this revision from the previous edition of the DSM was made due to evidence showcasing the difference between the anxiety of the general population and those with GAD; while they both had worries about similar content, the controllability of the worry was reported to be vastly diminished in individuals with GAD (Brown et al., 2008). More criteria explain the anxiety, to qualify for a diagnosis, should cause distress and/or impairment in important functioning and should not be the result of substances or their side effects. 
In the DSM-V, the criteria have not made significant changes, but there is a short addition: “the disturbance should not be better explained by another mental disorder” (American Psychiatric Association, 2013).
The prevalence of GAD in the general population ranges from 1.9% to 5.4% (Brown et al., 2008). The prevalence in the United States was 3.1% in 2014 and 5.7% over the course of a patient’s lifetime, according to epidemiological surveys (Stein et al., 2015). While the age of onset is highly variable, there is a higher rate of females having GAD compared to males at a rate of 2:1 (Stein et al., 2015). Risk factors of GAD include low socioeconomic status, exposure to childhood adversity, and being female; twin studies have also shown anxiety has a moderate chance (about 15-20%) of being inherited through genetics (Stein et al., 2015).
General anxiety disorder also commonly co-occurs with major depressive disorder, with many of their symptoms overlapping and thus making it difficult to distinguish the two diagnoses (Stein et al., 2015). Although the inability to experience pleasure does not overlap with GAD, individuals with it feel hopelessness like patients with major depressive disorder. According to the NCS, 65% of patients with GAD also had at least one other disorder at the time of their assessment (Brown et al., 2008).
Additionally, patients with GAD have a higher risk for other mental health disorders and physical symptoms such as chronic pain and asthma (Stein et al., 2015). About 35% of those with GAD turn to alcohol and medications to reduce their symptoms of anxiety, which can increase the risk for substance and drug related problems (Stein et al., 2015). 
## EDA
## Model Architecture
## Model Performance 
## Acknowledgements

   
